docs: Add docs about Cube Cloud IDE (#2222)
cube-js/cube.js: docs/content/Cube-Cloud/Cube-IDE.md

in your frontend applications before pushing them into production.

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cube-js/cube.js/master/docs/content/Cube-Cloud/cube-ide.png)

## Development Mode

> In development mode you can safely make changes to your project without affecting production deployment. Developer mode uses a separate Git branch and allows to test your changes in Playground or via Dev API endpoint specific to this branch. The Dev API hot-reloads your schema changes, allowing you to quickly test API changes from your applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In development mode, you can safely make changes to your project without affecting production deployment. Developer mode uses a separate Git branch and allows testing your changes in Playground or via Dev API endpoint specific to this branch. The Dev API hot-reloads your schema changes, allowing you to quickly test API changes from your applications.
```

> In development mode, you can safely make changes to your project without affecting production deployment. Developer mode uses a separate Git branch and allows testing your changes in Playground or via Dev API endpoint specific to this branch. The Dev API hot-reloads your schema changes, allowing you to quickly test API changes from your applications.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In development mode, you can safely make changes to your project without affecting production deployment. Development mode uses a separate Git branch and allows testing your changes in Playground or via a separate API endpoint specific to this branch. This development API hot-reloads your schema changes, allowing you to quickly test API changes from your applications.
```

> To enter into the development mode navigate to the **Schema** page and click **Enter

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enter development mode, navigate to the **Schema** page and click **Enter
```

Development Mode**.

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cube-js/cube.js/master/docs/content/Cube-Cloud/enter-dev-mode.png)

> When you enter the development mode you can see the grey bar on top. It provides

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When development mode is active, a grey bar will be visible on the top of the screen. It provides
```

several useful controls and indicators:

> * It displays the name of the current development Git branch.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The name of the current development Git branch
```

> * It shows the status of the dev API. When you make changes to the project files the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The status of the development API. After any changes to the project, the
```
